Fix partitioning image and make more legible (#40)
arrowrbook/book: datasets.qmd

We have already been working with partitioned data: the data in the PUMS person dataset has been partitioned based on the "year" and "location" columns.

::: {.content-hidden when-format="pdf"}

> ![Folder and file structure of a partitioned dataset](images/excalidraw/datasets_pums.png){height=50%}

Author: ```suggestion
![Folder and file structure of a partitioned dataset](images/excalidraw/datasets_pums.png){width=70%}
```
